hey this is Bob from rosewood music just
snapping together another Telecaster I
have three stratocasters on display for
demonstration so I thought I'd get back
to having a telly this is a classic vibe
Squire and this is the 50s model which
means it's maple a little Club II or
neck but still nowhere near the 52 or
the other reissues is still pretty thin
frets are pretty wide I wish they had
too thin violin frets like some of the
early 70s ones did but it's a 50s
reissue and I'm trying these EMG pickups
again here's the tea set there's the
arty pickup and this is the FT I had the
r-tx in the FTX before that's on one of
my other videos the thing was so bright
it bit my head off but uh the guys at
EMG told me to try these this is the
original they're supposed to be a lot
smoother I got the ivory thinking it'd
be the coolest thing in the world but
it's kind of hard to match up when you
get off the beaten path with color
although it looks good with that black
that looks pretty cool and then I've got
the stock bridge but I put the Wilkinson
saddles on it those big barrel brass
saddles I've had these before I think
these are great saddles I like them
better than the Barden's and they're
cheaper because Wilkinson doesn't really
sell that well on the Internet you can
get these cheap
so it's just the stock ashtray bridge
with the four brass tally and of course
EMG I get a brand new 5 way switch
that'll work I have all the wires I've
got two really good quality 25k pots
they even give you a solid shaft so you
can use your dome knobs on there without
them being crooked and I'm kind of just
using spare parts so I pulled out this
gold this is actually brass that's been
chromed got it from WD I like to have
your ones you know when you take the
original ones off they don't weigh
anything I'm sure it has nothing to do
with your tone but I like I like heavy
metal so yeah I'm gonna button that up
and then we'll see if these EMGs are as
warm as the vintage ones like I said I
tried the r-tx and I think it lasted
about five minutes and I took them out
of there I could just couldn't stand
them went away this is Bob from rosewood
music I'll upload part two real soon